have you ever wanted to draw or
highlight something that's being shown
on your screen will forget about the
laser pointer with telestrator you can
now draw or highlight anything that's
being shown in propresenter to access
telestrator we're gonna go up to view
and then down to telestrator you can
also customize the toolbar to add a
telestrator icon for easy access now the
interface that you're looking at right
now allows you to still click through
slides while you're doing telus tray
shion's that way as you're drawing on
your screen you can still switch through
slides as you need to so I'm going to
switch to this Asia Minor map and we're
gonna start looking at some of the
different tools that we can use to
highlight and draw on the screen so our
first tool here is a pen tool and we can
change the size and color of this so
maybe we want to highlight a different
City here and then maybe we can draw
that we're going over to this other town
we can do different things like that
easily we also have the option to use
this circle tool so we can maybe
highlight Philadelphia here and we can
change the size and thickness of the
circle so maybe we want to make it a
little bit thinner and we can highlight
a different City there we can clear out
any till astray shion's by clicking the
clear drawings button our next option is
our spotlight tool where we can
spotlight anything on our screen you'll
notice that it's set to a
semi-transparent color which is really
nice because we can still see what's
behind it and if we want to change that
color we can just go over here and we
can grab a different color so maybe we
want to use orange and we want to make
it even less opaque and so now when we
do it we can see even more of the map
and have just a subtle highlight and our
last tool is our laser tool where we can
use a laser on the screen now this is a
little hard to see with the green color
on this so I'm just gonna change this to
red and leave the opacity up at a
hundred and so now we can see that laser
pointer and we can change the size if we
want and make it really large as we're
going through it now there's an option
down here that we can set it to clear on
slide change so let's say we had drawn
on this map so I'm going to draw a
couple things throw a circle here and a
circle over here
then we're gonna switch to this seven
letters a text slide and when we switch
to it it's going to clear out our tell
astray shion's
and now we're on this slide that we can
go through and again we can start
highlighting different things on this
slide because we can highlight on
anything inside propresenter that's on
the screen not just graphics we can do
it on top of text and we can even do it
on top of video so I can use my
highlight tool and I can highlight this
video as it's playing back which is a
really really handy feature plus you can
control all of telus traitor's features
wirelessly from the pro presenter iPhone
or iPad app
you